                         REFERRAL AGREEMENT

THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT ARE:

The Agent:    Vitaliy Akinov
              Nufnermarh 4C BardDuben
              04849 Germany

The Company:  Pinacle Enterprise, Inc.
              Ctunnersdorfer Str. 28
              Luprig Germany 04318

Whereas the Agent may from time to time refer potential customers to 
the Company for a referral fee.

The Parties agree to the following:

1.  The referral fee shall be calculated as fie per cent (5%) of the 
net value of services sold by the Company as a direct result of a 
referral.  Net value shall exclude refunds and payments not honored by 
a financial institution.  Subsequent sales of goods or services to the 
referred customer shall not be subject to a referral fee except where 
such subsequent purchase is the direct result of a repeat referral.

2.  Upon reconciliation of referral fees due, the Agent shall issue an 
invoice to the Company and payment shall be affected within thirty (3) 
days of submission of said invoice.

3.  Please of advertisements and referral methods for the Company are 
at the sole discretion of the Agent.  However, in order to solicit 
sales, the Agent shall not make promises or issue any warranty either 
expressed or implied pertaining to the goods or services offered by the 
Company unless authorized in writing by the Company to do so.

4.  The relationship between the parties shall at all times be that of 
independent contractors.  No employment, partnership or joint venture 
relationship is formed by this referral agreement and at no time may 
the Agent position itself as affiliated to the Company, except as an 
independent referrer.  In view of this independent relationship the 
Agent shall not enter into any agreements on behalf of the Company, 
shall make no warranty either expressed or implied on behalf of the 
Company and shall not incur any expenses on behalf of the Company.

5.  This referral agreement does not grant exclusive rights to the 
Agent to act as referrer on behalf of the Company and the Agent shall 
have no rights under any other agreements entered into by the Company 
with other Agents.

7.  Either party may terminate this referral agreement at any time by 
giving the other party ten (10) days prior written notice.  Upon 
termination by either party all outstanding referral fees due to the 
Agent at that time shall be settled in full within thirty (30) days.

8.  Each party shall indemnify, defend and hold the other party (and 
any other relation to the other party) harmless against any and all 
claims of whatsoever nature arising from misrepresentation, default, 
misconduct, failure to perform or any other act related to this 
agreement.

10.  This agreement constitutes the whole agreement between the parties 
and any alteration must be in writing and signed by both parties.

Signed at Ctunnersdorfer on this 25 day of March 2011.

/s/Vitaliy Akinov
-------------------------------
Agent

/s/Mikhail Kats
--------------------------------
Company signatory - President

Both signatories duly warrant their authority to sign this agreement.
